Modify quantile method to provide smoother results (#78)
znicholls/silicone: CHANGELOG.rst

master
------

> - (`#78 <https://github.com/znicholls/silicone/pull/78>`_) Changed how quantile rolling windows works by adding an extra interpolate step for smoothness

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (`#78 <https://github.com/znicholls/silicone/pull/78>`_) Updated ``DatabaseCruncherQuantileRollingWindows `` to use an extra interpolate step for smoothness
```

Author: The maths is super-fiddly, it should be ok though.
